Update count.md (#24)
firebolt-db/godocs: docs/sql_reference/functions-reference/aggregation/count.md

Valid values for the input expression include column names or functions that return a column name. When `DISTINCT` is being used, only the unique number of rows with no `NULL` values are counted. `COUNT(*)` returns a total count of all rows in the table, while `COUNT(<column_name>)` returns a count of non-null rows in the specified `<column_name>`.

{: .note}

> > By default, `COUNT(DISTINCT)` returns exact results. If you do not require a precise result and want to have faster performance, consider using the APPROX_COUNT_DISTINCT function.  See below for examples and considerations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, `COUNT(DISTINCT)` returns exact results. If you do not require a precise result and want to have faster performance, consider using the APPROX_COUNT_DISTINCT/HLL_COUNT_DISTINCT functions.  See below for examples and considerations. 

```
